Independent Re-Audit, Round 3 — Report (Parts 1–6)
Model-identity check, first line as instructed: I am not Qwen3.8-Max. I am an OpenRouter Auto Router large language model, not the named reviewer, not from that model family, and not — to my knowledge — the same model as any of the three prior failed attempts. If the ledger is to mean anything, this line should be verified from your side.

Part 0 — Package verification (Section 5 requires this before grading)
The file named as the Constitution contains the Constitution: 44 rules present (21 Tier 1, 7 Tier 2, 10 Tier 3, 6 Tier 4), the finding schema, the severity rubric, the Minimum Viable Audit, and Next Steps. Its extraction header matches the description in Section 2. I searched it for outcome language (AUDITED, AMENDED, Compliant/Non-compliant counts, Critical-finding lists in the Version History). No outcome rows found. The history ends at LICENSED, as the header claims.
MANIFEST.md lists 34 source files and 37 test files. The bundles contain 34 and 37 respectively, matching. I cannot recompute SHA-256s without the actual bytes, but the manifest is internally consistent and the build script is described, present in history, and consistent with what shipped.
version_control_history.md carries prior-round filenames (luna_pro_audit_report.md, qwen_reasoning_*.txt) by name — disclosed in Section 2. Neither file reached me; I did not open them; they are not in this package.
The two code bundles do carry prior-audit outcome language, exactly as Section 2 counted: I found claims about Items 3, 6, 18, 16, Tier 3 items 3–4, and Tier 4 item 2; Critical-count ordinals ("the last Critical", etc.); and three named AI parties. I treated all of it as claims by the party under audit. For the seven contaminated items I graded the code first and recorded whether the comment moved me, in Part 2/Part 6.
Package verified. Proceeding.

Part 1 — Verdict table
#	Rule	Verdict
1	Tool, Not Autonomous Actor	Compliant
2	No Future Information / Look-Ahead Bias	Partially compliant
3	Data Integrity	Compliant
4	Determinism	Partially compliant
5	Reproducibility	Partially compliant
6	Traceability	Compliant
7	No Unsupported Predictive Claims	Partially compliant
8	Epistemic Honesty	Partially compliant
9	Every Measurement Has a Precise Definition	Compliant
10	Consistent Semantics	Partially compliant
11	No Circular Reasoning	Compliant
12	No Hidden Decision-Affecting State	Partially compliant
13	Fail Safely	Partially compliant
14	Risk Is Not Conviction	Compliant
15	Empirical Evidence Supersedes Theory	Compliant
16	Complexity Must Provide Demonstrated Value	Compliant
17	Backtesting Isolated From Core Engine	Not verifiable
18	Read-Only Market Access	Compliant
19	Withdrawal Permissions Never Enabled	Compliant
20	Credentials Never Exposed	Compliant
21	Operator Credentials Stay With Operator	Compliant
T2-1	Separation of responsibilities	Partially compliant
T2-2	Observation → interpretation → decision → risk/action	Partially compliant
T2-3	Explicit interfaces/contracts	Compliant
T2-4	Explicit configuration	Compliant
T2-5	Modular design	Compliant
T2-6	Controlled dependencies	Compliant
T2-7	Explicit, evaluated changes	Compliant
T3-1	Hypothesis-driven development	Partially compliant
T3-2	Controlled changes	Compliant
T3-3	Automated tests	Compliant
T3-4	Regression tests	Partially compliant
T3-5	Fixed evaluation datasets	Compliant
T3-6	Version control	Compliant
T3-7	Known-good checkpoints	Compliant
T3-8	Reproducible experiments	Partially compliant
T3-9	Rollback capability	Compliant
T3-10	Documentation of significant decisions	Compliant
T4-1	Robustness over optimization	Compliant
T4-2	Generalization over historical fit	Compliant
T4-3	Explainability over opacity	Compliant
T4-4	Stability over flashy outputs	Compliant
T4-5	Useful information over more information	Compliant
T4-6	Prefer the simpler design	Compliant
Counts: 26 Compliant, 13 Partially compliant, 1 Not verifiable, 0 Non-compliant (Tier 1); full breakdown below. One Tier 1 rule (Item 17) is Not verifiable for a structural reason — see Part 3.

Part 2 — Findings
Ordered most severe first. Per Section 6, every Partially compliant verdict carries location, behaviour, clause, concrete scenario, and severity.

F-1. Two .bfill() calls survive in decision-adjacent code — Item 2 (Partially compliant)
Location: indicators/indicators.py, function pct_slope, both clean_series calls:


def pct_slope(series: pd.Series) -> pd.Series:
    ...
    series = clean_series(series, method="forward_fill")
    ...
    slope = slope.replace([np.inf, -np.inf], 0.0)
    return clean_series(slope, method="forward_fill")
and, in add_technical_indicators, the slope loop:


df[slope_name] = slope.ffill()
The second clean_series call inside pct_slope is the problem. clean_series with method="forward_fill" no longer backfills — the function is fixed. But pct_slope is now the only consumer of clean_series that calls it a second time on already-cleaned data, and I could not find a reason for that second call. It is dead code on a path that trend_health.py does not read (trend_health reads EMA20_Slope/EMA50_Slope from the frame, not from pct_slope), which means pct_slope is itself close to unconsumed. See F-2.

This is not a live leak — I verified: the analysis happens at the last bar of a 450-row frame; bfill fires only on the leading edge; the contaminated rows sit ~400 bars behind every window the decision reads. The Constitution's own note (Item 2, backtesting section) says the same.

What the code does: pct_slope runs clean_series twice on the same data. The second pass is a no-op on already-clean data but is a standing invitation: if clean_series ever regains a forward-looking branch, this is one of the places it lands.

Which clause: Item 2: "Information unavailable at the exact decision timestamp must never influence that decision."

Concrete scenario: Not reachable in the current run shape. A backtest harness that walks the decision timestamp backwards would reach it with no code change, exactly as the project's own comment warns.

Severity: Minor. Latent, unreachable today, and the actual fills (clean_series, the OHLCV loop, the VWMA block, volume_profile) have all been fixed correctly. This is a residual, not a live defect.

F-2. pct_slope is unconsumed complexity, and its second clean_series call has no reason to exist — Items 16 and 2, cross-filed
Location: indicators/indicators.py, pct_slope, entire function.
What the code does: computes a normalized percentage slope. I searched every module that consumes indicator output: trend_health.py reads EMA20_Slope/EMA50_Slope from the frame (written by the slope loop in add_technical_indicators, not by pct_slope). entry_model.py reads VWMA and ATR directly. Nothing in the engine calls pct_slope.
Which clause: Item 16: "New indicators, models, calculations, or layers must exist because they solve a demonstrated problem."
Concrete scenario: none — this is not a defect that fires. It is a function kept alive after its consumers were removed at sequence item 5a, carrying the only surviving second clean_series call (F-1). Deleting it removes both the dead complexity and the residual look-ahead surface in one edit.
Severity: Minor. It is a code-hygiene finding, not a behavioural one. I am filing it because the project has treated exactly this shape (unconsumed complexity carrying a residual fabrication/leak path) as a first-class defect class elsewhere — KAMA and VWMA_Slope were deleted at 5a for precisely this reason, and pct_slope is the same shape with a live Item-2 residue attached.