PHASE-7 ENGINEERING CONSTITUTION — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)
AUDIT COPY — verbatim text extraction

WHAT THIS FILE IS

A mechanical text extraction of Phase7_Constitution_v1.0_RATIFIED_AUDITCOPY.pdf,
supplied instead of the PDF because not every model provider can read a PDF
attachment: a previous attempt at this audit received the PDF, could see its
filename, and could not see its contents. A standard you cannot read is worse
than one you were told you would get and did not, so the format was changed
rather than the auditor being asked to work around it.

Nothing was edited, summarised, reordered or omitted. The extraction was
produced with:

    pdftotext -layout <the PDF> <this file>

PROVENANCE

    Source PDF SHA-256 : 114ebe1505bd8f12f343f518edc3b8b9163cd2cff12cc2f4b129bccbea354bae
    Source PDF pages   : 29
    Extracted bytes    : 103,315

COMPLETENESS, CHECKED BEFORE THIS FILE WAS SENT

    Pages present            29 of 29
    Tier 1 invariants        21, numbered 1 through 21 in sequence
    Tier 2 principles         7
    Tier 3 process items     10
    Tier 4 preferences        6
                             -- 44 rules, matching the register the document
                                itself states

    Outcome rows             NONE. Searched for AUDITED, AMENDED and DEFECT
                             rows in the Version History; zero found. The
                             history ends at LICENSED, dated 26 August 2026,
                             which is the ratification-and-publication point.
                             No audit result appears anywhere in this file.

WHAT TO DO IF THIS LOOKS WRONG

Layout extraction preserves the two-column rule tables readably but is not
pixel-perfect: footnote markers appear inline against the word they annotate
(for example "Determinism6" or "Fail Safely14"), and column spacing is
approximate. Those are artefacts of extraction, not of the standard.

If you find anything that reads as the OUTCOME of a previous audit -- a named
prior auditor, a count of compliant items, a list of Critical findings -- stop
and say so, per Section 2 of your instructions. That check has been run on this
file and came back clean, but you are the second pair of eyes on it.

================================================================================
BEGIN VERBATIM EXTRACTION
================================================================================

 The Phase-7 Engineering Constitution
 Governing Principles for Development of the Structural Quant Engine


 What the engine is: an analytical and decision-support tool. It reads public market data and helps a
 trader judge an entry price, three targets, a stop, and whether the trade's risk is acceptable. It holds no
 credentials, sends no orders, and has no capacity to execute a trade or move money — see Items 1 and
 18. It is not a trading system, and a reader assessing this document against the standards owed by one
 will reach conclusions calibrated to a product that does not exist.

 Status: RATIFIED — v1.0, Revision 8 content, ratified August 26, 2026
 Date: August 26, 2026
 Scope: 21 Tier 1 invariants, 7 Tier 2 principles, 10 Tier 3 process items, 6 Tier 4 preferences — a 44-rule
 register, now frozen. Revision 6 was the first revision to change this count, permitted only because the
 scope freeze begins at ratification and ratification had not yet happened. Revisions 7 and 8 changed no
 rule. The document is now ratified: this register does not change again until the audit runs and finds a
 gap.
 Origin: Synthesized from a joint principles discussion between Viktor and Claude (Cowork); revised
 after independent review by three AI assessments (Microsoft Copilot, Google Gemini, OpenAI ChatGPT)
 and their cross-referenced synthesis, revised again after a fourth, independently-requested review by
 Claude (Opus 5) in a separate session, revised again after a philosophical input on epistemics and
 market structure, revised again to correct scope drift Viktor caught in that revision, revised again to add
 credential-security invariants and name an independent auditor before ratification, revised again to
 credit Reviewer 4's identity and name what it implies, and revised a final time to name Grok as Viktor's
 decided choice for that auditor
 What changed in Revision 1: see “Improvements Made in This Revision & Reviewer Impressions,”
 immediately after the contents page. Revision 2 added one new explanatory section — “The Scope Freeze.”
 Revision 3 fixed a self-referential evidence claim, tightened one invariant's wording, and added
 audit-independence safeguards. Revision 4 sharpened two rationale texts and added five new Future
 Amendment Candidates. Revision 5 corrected a rationale text that had drifted toward implying the engine
 should size positions. Revision 6 added Tier 1 Items 18–21 and gave the audit a named independent auditor.
 Revision 7 named Reviewer 4 as Claude (Opus 5) and used that fact to sharpen the independent-auditor
 discussion. Revision 8 named Grok as the intended auditor, per Viktor's decision — see Version History for the
 full account, Phase7_Credential_Security_Protocol.pdf for the operational security detail, and
 Phase7_Tier0_Companion.pdf for the philosophical material behind Revision 4.
 How to read this document: small numbers like this1 point to plain-language notes in the Glossary at the
 very end — added for a reader without a formal engineering background.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                          Page 1
 Licence: Phase-7 Engineering Constitution © 2026 by Viktor Ljungberg is licensed under CC BY 4.0.
 Reuse and adaptation are permitted, commercially included; attribution is the only condition. Full terms:
 https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/. The engine's source code is licensed separately under the
 MIT Licence — the two are not interchangeable.



     This document exists because backtesting broke this engine before. This is the third build. Roughly forty test runs
     and validations went into getting here. Before backtesting is attempted again, the engine needs rules it cannot
     quietly bend under its own weight — this is that document, now revised eight times after outside review, and, as of
     August 26, 2026, ratified.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                    Page 2
 Contents
 Improvements Made in This Revision & Reviewer Impressions
 How This Document Works
 Tier 1 — Fundamental Invariants
 Tier 2 — Architectural Principles
 Tier 3 — Engineering Process
 Tier 4 — Engineering Preferences
 A Note on Backtesting
 Next Steps: The Audit Sequence
 Future Amendment Candidates (Not Yet Adopted)
 Version History
 Glossary & Explanatory Notes




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)   Page 3
 Improvements Made in This Revision & Reviewer Impressions
 Viktor asked three independent AI assessments to evaluate the original v1.0 draft, then had those three
 cross-referenced into a synthesis document — that became Revision 1. Revision 2 added one explanatory
 section at Viktor's own request. Viktor then commissioned a fourth, independent review of the revised document
 — sharper than the first three — and Revision 3 responded to it directly. Viktor then brought a philosophical input
 on epistemics and market structure, asked what could be learned from it, and Revision 4 is the result. Viktor then
 read Revision 4 and caught a rationale text drifting toward scope it shouldn't have implied — Revision 5 corrects
 it. Revision 6 changed the rules themselves: four credential-security invariants Viktor called for directly, and a
 named independent auditor closing the gap the fourth review opened. Revision 7 changed no rule — Viktor
 confirmed Reviewer 4's identity, and that fact turned out to bear directly on the independent-auditor discussion
 Revision 6 had just written. Revision 8 also changed no rule — Viktor decided who that auditor will actually be.
 These pages record exactly what changed across all eight revisions, what deliberately didn't change, and a
 candid, source-attributed impression of what each input actually contributed.


 What changed in Revision 1

       1     Tier 0 Wording Fixed                                                               CHATGPT


 The original text read “Four tiers, in strict order of authority,” immediately followed by a header introducing “TIER
 0” — technically a fifth thing inside a stated four-tier count. Reworded to “A governing purpose, followed by four
 tiers, in strict order of authority.” This was the one genuine defect any of the three reviewers found in the
 document's own text — credit to ChatGPT for catching it.


       2     Audit Given an Explicit Starting Gate                                               GEMINI


 The Next Steps section now names a “Minimum Viable Audit”38 — Items 2, 3, and 6 checked first, before the full
 17-item sweep — since a failure in any of those three would undermine trust in every other finding. This doesn't
 change the audit sequence itself, only the order within Step 3. Credit to Gemini.


       3     A Defined Structure for Audit Findings                                            CONSENSUS


 Next Steps now spells out exactly what fields an audit finding should record: Principle, Status, Severity35,
 Evidence, Impact, Required action, Verification, Re-audit. This operationalizes the “record Compliant /
 Non-compliant / Unknown” step that was already agreed on, rather than leaving it as free-text notes. ChatGPT
 and Copilot proposed close variants of this independently, without seeing each other's work — that convergence
 is why it made the cut.


       4     Two Scoping Notes Added for the Audit                                              CHATGPT


 First, a working rule that “confidence is not probability”36 unless empirically calibrated as one. Second, a note that
 Item 9's distinction between a measurement, a derived quantity, a heuristic score, a model output, and an
 interpretation gets resolved during the audit itself, under Item 8 — not by adding a new invariant now. Both from
 ChatGPT, and both are audit-time guidance rather than document changes.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                 Page 4
       5     A Lightweight Amendment Note Added                                                 GEMINI


 Version History now includes a short paragraph describing, briefly, how a future v1.1 would actually get proposed
 and reviewed — so that process doesn't have to be invented from scratch whenever the scope freeze eventually
 lifts. Credit to Gemini for flagging that this was missing.


       6     Six Future Candidates Logged, None Adopted                                        COPILOT


 Copilot independently drafted six complete candidate principles for a future v1.1. None were added — the
 frozen-scope rule Viktor set is respected exactly as written — but they're now recorded in a new appendix page
 so they aren't lost before the audit is far enough along to revisit them.


       7     Explanatory Glossary Added                                                         VIKTOR


 Every technical term in this document now has a small numbered marker, like this one10, pointing to a
 plain-language explanation in the new Glossary at the very end — Viktor's own request for this pass, not
 something any of the three reviewers raised, since none of them were asked to consider a non-engineer reader.



 What changed in Revision 3
 A fourth review, requested independently of the first three, read this document more critically than any prior pass
 — including finding a defect in how this very page talked about the first three reviewers. Every item below
 responds directly to that review.

       1     Self-Referential Evidence Removed from This Page                                 REVIEWER 4


 This page previously argued that three reviewers finding nothing structurally wrong was “a real signal the original
 drafting session got the substance right” — treating correlated agreement as validation, which is precisely what
 Tier 1, Item 1112 and Item 7 forbid the engine itself from doing. Both instances of that reasoning, below and in
 “Impressions,” are rewritten to state plainly that reviewer agreement is a plausibility check, not proof — credit to
 Reviewer 4 for catching the document violating its own rules.


       2     Item 5 Reworded from Preference to Invariant                                     REVIEWER 4


 Reproducibility7 read “every analysis should be reconstructable” and “...should all be recoverable,” the only Tier 1
 item written as a preference in a list where every other item says must or never — exactly the kind of drift Items 9
 and 10 exist to catch. Both instances changed to “must.” Wording only; the requirement itself was already
 understood to be non-negotiable.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                Page 5
       3     Escape Hatches on Items 4 and 12 Given Audit-Time Guidance                           REVIEWER 4


 Determinism6 and Hidden State13 both carry a legitimate exception clause — “unless nondeterminism is explicitly
 and deliberately intended” and “...an explicit, documented part of the design” — but neither said who authorizes
 an exception or where it has to be recorded, leaving both unfalsifiable at audit time. Fixed with audit-time
 guidance, not a new rule: an exception only counts if it was documented before the audit began. Anything claimed
 afterward is Non-compliant. See the rationale text under Items 4 and 12.


       4     The Freeze-Lifting Trigger Now Has a Definition                                      REVIEWER 4


 “The audit has run” unfreezes this document's scope, but the phrase itself was never defined — an ambiguous
 trigger on the rule that governs every other rule's stability. Now defined in Next Steps: the freeze lifts once every
 Tier 1 item has a recorded finding — Compliant, Non-compliant, or Unknown — regardless of whether fixes have
 landed yet.


       5     Ratification Given a Mechanical Definition                                           REVIEWER 4


 Ratification3 gates the entire audit sequence but had no stated act that actually performs it. Now defined in Next
 Steps: Viktor writes “ratified,” and a dated row is added to Version History. Nothing heavier than that.


       6     Severity Levels and an Effort Field Defined                                          REVIEWER 4


 The finding schema named Critical / Major / Moderate / Minor35 with no rubric, and Step 5 of the audit sequence
 sorts findings by “severity and effort” even though effort was never a field in the schema. Both fixed: each severity
 level now gets a one-line definition, and Effort joins the finding schema table in Next Steps.


       7     Audit Independence Named and Mitigated                                               REVIEWER 4


 The most important finding: Claude holds the technical and architectural judgment calls, wrote much of the
 engine, co-drafted these rules, and would also be the party auditing the engine against them — grading its own
 homework, never named anywhere in this document. Now named directly in Next Steps, with three concrete
 safeguards: every finding's Evidence must be independently verifiable without re-running Claude's reasoning; the
                       38
 Minimum Viable Audit gate items get a second check from a reviewer who didn't write the code; and where
 Claude marks something Compliant, Viktor can demand the artifact, not the argument.



 What changed in Revision 4
 Viktor asked a separate question — not “is this document correct,” but “what philosophical questions should I be
 asking myself about the engine” — and brought back an input worth taking seriously. Applying the input's own
 stated test (a question earns its place only if answering it differently produces a different engine), five of its points
 were concrete enough to act on now; two more sharpened rationale text already in this document; the rest sit
 above the engine and now live in a new companion document instead.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                     Page 6
       1     Controlled Changes Rationale Sharpened                                          PHILOSOPHY INPUT


 Tier 3's Controlled Changes principle already does the right thing; it never explained why. Added: the
 Duhem-Quine problem40 — a failed test alone never says which component failed — is the actual reason a
 change has to stay narrow enough to isolate one candidate cause.


       2     Item 14 Rationale Sharpened                                                     PHILOSOPHY INPUT


 “Risk Is Not Conviction” was already correct; ergodicity41 is the mathematical reason why — a
 positive-expected-value strategy can still ruin you with near certainty, because you live one path, not the average
 of all possible ones. Cross-referenced directly to the configurable-risk-tolerance feature idea in Engineering
 Notes, Entry #5: it's the reason entry/stop/target price geometry deserves as much engineering care as the
 directional read. It is not a reason for the engine to size positions or recommend money amounts — that stays the
 trader's decision alone, per Item 1.


       3     Five New Future Amendment Candidates                                            PHILOSOPHY INPUT

                          42                                                            43
 A written kill condition decided before a backtest runs; a confidence calibration log that turns “confidence is not
 probability” from a definition into a checked fact; a requirement that every claimed edge state a hypothesis for why
                               44
 it should persist (reflexivity ); UI-level enforcement of Item 1 so the panel can't relay a verdict without showing
                                                                         45
 what was observed, inferred, and unknown (the moral crumple zone risk); and a two-analyst test for whether a
 Tier 1, Item 9 quantity is a measurement or a lens. All five recorded in Future Amendment Candidates below —
 none adopted, per the frozen scope.



 What changed in Revision 5

       1     Item 14 Rationale Corrected — Position-Sizing Drift Removed                         VIKTOR


 Revision 4's ergodicity rationale under Item 14 drifted into implying the engine should have a hand in position
 sizing or money-amount recommendations. It shouldn't have implied that, and Viktor caught it directly: the
 engine's output is the entry price and the T1/T2/T3 target prices, plus a read on the safety and quality of the trade
 — never how much money is put on, or should be put into, a specific trade. The engine does take the trader's
 chosen risk-tolerance percentage as an input, per the configurable-risk-tolerance feature idea in Engineering
 Notes, Entry #5, and uses it to shape where entry, stop, and target prices sit — but how many dollars that
 percentage represents, and whether to trade at all, stays the trader's decision alone, per Item 1. Item 14's
 rationale text below is corrected accordingly. The Revision 4 box above is left exactly as it was written — this box
 documents the correction rather than rewriting history.



 What changed in Revision 6 — the first real scope change
 Every revision before this one ended with the same sentence: scope unchanged, still 17 / 7 / 10 / 6. This one
 doesn't. Revision 6 adds four Tier 1 invariants and names a party that was previously unnamed, which makes it
 the first revision since v1.0 to change what the rules actually are rather than how they're worded. That is
 legitimate for exactly one reason, and it's worth being precise about it: the scope freeze4 begins at ratification, and



Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                  Page 7
 this document is not ratified. After Viktor writes “ratified,” a change of this size would require the audit to run first
 and turn up a gap. Before that moment, it costs nothing. That timing is the whole reason both items below are
 being handled now rather than filed as Future Amendment Candidates.

       1     Four Credential-Security Invariants Added to Tier 1                                     VIKTOR


 Items 18 through 21: read-only market access stated categorically rather than as a default; withdrawal
 permissions never enabled, kept as a separate floor that survives any future amendment to Item 18; credentials
 never exposed through the specific channels they actually leak from; and operator credentials never conveyed to
 the project, written before any multi-user capability exists rather than after. The strongest of the four is Item 18,
 and not because of what it forbids — a read-only key19 moves Item 1's guarantee out of the code and into the
 exchange, where the engine cannot overrule it. That converts “tool, not autonomous actor” from a behavioral
 promise into a structural property. This closes the gap logged as Engineering Notes Entry #1 and the Item 1
 credential check flagged by the fourth reviewer in Entry #6. Operational detail — storage, rotation, revocation,
 allowlisting, incident response — lives in the companion Phase7_Credential_Security_Protocol.pdf, deliberately,
 so this document stays a register of things that must never be violated rather than an operations manual.


       2     The Audit Given an Independent Auditor                                                  VIKTOR


 Next Steps specified what gets checked, in what order, and how findings get recorded — but never who does the
 checking, which left the fourth reviewer's audit-independence finding mitigated rather than solved. Steps 3, 4, and
 8 now belong to an independent auditor46 that wrote neither this document nor the engine. Claude prepares the
 package and writes zero findings; the auditor produces them; Claude answers each one adversarially, including
 against its own work; Viktor adjudicates. Two things are stated explicitly rather than assumed: the auditor is
 independent in authorship but not presumed independent in judgment47, and the package carries failure classes
 rather than conclusions, so the audit tests hypotheses instead of confirming hints.



 What changed in Revision 7 — a name, and what it means
 Revision 6 left Reviewer 4 unattributed and asked Viktor to credit it by name if he knew the source. He did:
 Claude, Opus 5, in a separate chat session with no memory of co-drafting this document.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                      Page 8
             Reviewer 4 Identified — and the Independent-Auditor Section
       1                                                                                         VIKTOR
             Sharpened

 The name alone would be a footnote. What it implies isn't. Reviewer 4 — already credited, before this revision, as
 the sharpest and most valuable of the four — turned out to share its base model family with the assistant whose
 document it was auditing, and with the assistant writing this sentence. It had genuine authorship independence: it
 didn't write these rules or this engine, and it caught a defect none of the other three thought to check. Revision 6's
 distinction between authorship independence and judgment independence47 was written as a general caution
 about how the independent auditor for Steps 3, 4, and 8 might turn out. It is no longer only that — Reviewer 4 is
 the documented case where exactly this happened once already, and it worked reasonably well. The “who
 performs the audit” section now says plainly that if the actual auditor also turns out to be Claude, that result should
 be weighted as weaker than a genuinely different model family would produce, not treated as equivalent. Filed
 here rather than edited into Revision 6's own account of itself, per this document's practice of recording what
 changed as a new dated entry rather than rewriting history.



 What changed in Revision 8 — the auditor named
 Revision 7 sharpened a warning: if the independent auditor for Steps 3, 4, and 8 turns out to be Claude, that result
 carries less weight than a genuinely different model family would. Viktor answered it directly, and firmly enough
 that this document treats it as settled rather than pending.

       1     Grok Named as the Intended Independent Auditor                                      VIKTOR


 Viktor's own words: “I am considering implementing Grok 4.7 to be the sole auditor when it releases. In fact i know
 i will. It is decided.” Recorded in Next Steps as the current plan rather than folded into the independent-auditor
 requirement itself, for a reason worth stating plainly: a vendor and version number is an operational choice, not an
 invariant, and this document's own discipline throughout — the Credential Security Protocol split out for exactly
 this reason, Item 18 stated categorically rather than tied to any particular exchange — has been to keep specific
 tooling choices revisable without requiring a constitutional amendment. What the Constitution actually requires is
 unchanged: a model with no stake in this engine and no shared authorship with the party that built it. Grok
 satisfies the harder half of Revision 7's warning — different company, different training data, genuinely different
 lineage from Claude. It was never evidence, on its own, of the other half: no stake in the outcome. That still has to
 hold regardless of which model ends up in the role. One dependency worth naming honestly: Grok 4.7 has not
 released as of this writing, so Step 3 cannot begin until it does and Viktor judges it capable of the task. That
 blocks the audit itself. It does not block ratification, and it does not block Step 2a — Claude can assemble the
 audit package now, on its own timeline, so the package is ready the moment the auditor is.



 What still did not change, and why that matters
 The original 17 Tier 1 invariants2, the 7 Tier 2 principles, the 10 Tier 3 process items, and the 6 Tier 4 preferences
 are word-for-word the same rules as before. Nothing was rewritten, reordered, softened, or removed across eight
 revisions — the four new invariants were appended as Items 18 through 21 rather than woven in, for the same
 reason Item 17 was appended rather than reordered: renumbering would silently invalidate every cross-reference
 in the document. Between four reviewers, the substantive critique has concerned phrasing, sequencing, future
 scope, and — from the fourth review — this document's own epistemic conduct, not the content of the original 40


Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                  Page 9
 rules. That's worth stating honestly rather than as more than it is: four separately-prompted reviewers finding no
 rule they consider structurally wrong is a plausibility check, not a validation. They are not independent of each
 other — overlapping training data, the same prompt, the same document — and they are not independent of the
 document's co-author. Correlated agreement is weak evidence of correctness. It is worth having. It is not proof,
 and this document no longer claims otherwise.



 Impressions of the reviewers
 Gemini was the most concise and, word for word, the most operationally useful — the Minimum Viable Audit
 ordering is a genuinely good idea, delivered in two pages instead of twenty. It also deserves credit for immediately
 recognizing Item 17 as evidence of real operational scars rather than textbook caution, which is exactly the right
 read.

 ChatGPT did the deepest structural reading of the three, sorting all 17 Tier 1 invariants into failure-class
 categories as an unprompted exercise, and it found the one genuine defect in the document's own wording. Its
 proposed audit-finding structure is probably the single most practically useful addition in this revision. It also
 showed real judgment restraint — recommending the Item 9 nuance be handled during the audit rather than
 inflating the document with a new invariant just because it noticed something.

 Copilot was the most generous and ambitious reviewer, going well beyond what was asked by drafting six
 complete future amendment candidates on its own initiative — real engineering effort, not just commentary. Two
 of the six turned out to be well-aimed, converging with content already in this document. Its rocky start is worth
 naming honestly rather than glossing over: its first response claimed the file couldn't be read, and only produced a
 real assessment after Viktor pasted the text in directly — which is part of why some of its critique (particularly
 around Claude's authority) was flagged with a caveat in the synthesis document rather than taken at face value.
 Worth noting in hindsight: that's the one external critique aimed at Claude's authority that got discounted — and
 the fourth review below suggests that may be a pattern worth watching, not just a one-off judgment call.

 Reviewer 4 (Claude, Opus 5, in a separate chat session with no memory of drafting this document) did the least
 generous and most valuable review so far. It didn't sort invariants into categories or draft new material; it audited
 this document's own conduct and found it wanting by the exact standards the document sets for the engine.
 Catching this page's self-referential evidence claim, and naming the audit-independence gap outright, is exactly
 the kind of finding that's easier to produce with real distance between reviewer and author — which is itself a
 small piece of evidence for the point it's making. The wording defects and undefined triggers it also caught (Item
 5's stray “should,” the unowned escape hatches on Items 4 and 12, an undefined freeze-lifting condition, an
 undefined act of ratification, an unrubric'd severity scale) are individually small, but finding five of them in one
 pass, after two prior revisions each reviewed by someone, says something about how finished a document can
 look while still not being finished.

 Overall: four reviewers, four different kinds of value. The first three found one real wording defect and several
 genuinely useful process refinements, and were generous with the document. The fourth found sharper problems:
 an unearned claim on this very page about what reviewer agreement proves, and a structural gap none of the first
 three named — that the party co-drafting these rules and largely writing the engine is also the party positioned to
 audit it. Both are corrected here rather than defended. That's the actual point of running an audit process and a
 scope freeze in the first place: the document needs to be able to survive being told it's wrong, not just collect
 agreement.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                Page 10
 The philosophy input (source not yet attributed in this document) wasn't reviewing the Constitution at all —
 Viktor asked it a different question, “what philosophical questions should I ask myself about this engine,” and
 brought the answer back here to see what applied. That's a different and useful kind of contribution: not auditing
 what's already written, but testing whether the document's philosophical foundations are as solid as its process.
 Applying its own stated filter honestly meant most of its ten questions turned out to be about Viktor and the
 project, not the engine — and those correctly stayed out of this document rather than being forced in to look
 thorough. The five that passed the filter are real, checkable additions to the audit's future work; the rest are in
 Phase7_Tier0_Companion.pdf, where they belong.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                               Page 11
 How This Document Works
 A governing purpose, followed by four tiers1, in strict order of authority. Tier 1 cannot be violated by a prettier
 result. Tier 2 is how the system must be shaped to make Tier 1 achievable. Tier 3 is how changes get made
 without breaking either. Tier 4 is legitimate taste — real trade-offs reasonable engineers could weigh differently,
 and the only tier allowed to bend.

 TIER 0 — GOVERNING PURPOSE



         The engine must never be optimized to appear intelligent. It must be
         optimized to produce reliable, testable, interpretable information and
         decisions under real-world conditions.

 This isn't a rule to check code against. It's the reason the other rules exist, and the test for any future suggestion — including
 ones I make myself. If a proposed change makes the engine sound smarter without making it more reliable, testable, or
 interpretable, it doesn't belong, no matter how impressive it looks.


 The development sequence, once this is ratified3:

 Principles v1.0 → version/freeze → audit the current engine → record Compliant / Non-compliant / Unknown for
                                                                                                                                34


 each item checked → prioritize findings → fix deliberately → regression test26 → re-audit → only then build the
 backtesting39 architecture, carefully. The principles do not move while the engine is being judged against them —
 inventing the rules and grading the system by rules still in motion would itself violate epistemic honesty10 (Tier 1,
 Item 8).

 “Unknown” is a legitimate audit result — not a placeholder for laziness, a real outcome. If it isn't yet clear
 whether a module violates a principle, the honest answer is Unknown, pending inspection — never compliant or
 non-compliant based on a guess. This document already uses that status once, on purpose: see Layer 5 in the
 Next Steps section.



 Roles & Authority
 This document assigns Claude the technical and architectural judgment calls. That is not blind authority, and it
 isn't meant to read as one. The working relationship is: Claude proposes, reasons, challenges, implements, and
 tests; Viktor reviews, questions, performs QA, and ultimately accepts or rejects the change. Neither side gets to
 declare something true merely because it sounds reasonable — evidence gets the final vote, on both sides of that
 relationship, including when the evidence contradicts a judgment call made in this very document.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                               Page 12
 The Scope Freeze4
 The frozen-scope rule says the list of rules in this document stops growing the moment it's ratified, and stays
 stopped until one specific thing happens: the audit (Next Steps) actually runs against the current engine and turns
 up something not yet covered here. It isn't frozen forever — it's frozen until that particular trigger, not “whenever it
 seems like a good idea.”
                                                           10
 The reason ties directly back to epistemic honesty (Item 8). Once real code is being checked against these rules
 — each item marked Compliant, Non-compliant, or Unknown34 — the rules themselves have to hold still. Being
 allowed to invent a new rule, or reword an existing one, mid-audit would make it possible to quietly turn a
 Non-compliant finding into a Compliant one by moving the goalpost instead of fixing the code. That's grading a
 test while still writing the questions. The freeze is what makes an audit finding mean something.
                                                                                                  2
 What's actually frozen is narrow: the count and substance of the rules — 21 Tier 1 invariants , 7 Tier 2 principles,
 10 Tier 3 process items, and 6 Tier 4 preferences. Nothing gets added, nothing gets removed, until the audit says
 otherwise. What isn't frozen is wording, phrasing, and explanatory material — which is how this document could
 be revised five times (see Version History) without breaking its own rule: no revision through Rev 5 changed what
 any rule requires.

 One point of precision, since Revision 6 did change the count. The freeze does not start when the document is
                                        3
 written — it starts when it is ratified , and that hasn't happened yet. That's why four credential invariants and a
 named independent auditor could be added in Revision 6 without violating anything: there was no freeze in force
 to violate. The moment Viktor writes “ratified,” that door closes, and a change of that size would require the audit
 to run first and turn up a gap. Anything still wanted in this document is wanted now, not after.

 When the freeze does lift, the Future Amendment Candidates appendix — currently six drafted principles, none
 adopted — becomes the starting pool for a genuine v1.1, reviewed the same lightweight way described under
 Version History: a short note on what changes and why, Claude proposes, Viktor decides, a new dated row. Not
 adopting a good idea today isn't a judgment on the idea. It's the same rule working in reverse — changing the
 rules before checking the engine against the ones already agreed on would be exactly the violation this rule exists
 to prevent.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                  Page 13
 Tier 1 — Fundamental Invariants
 These cannot be violated because doing so produces a better-looking result. A change that requires breaking one
 of these isn't a trade-off to weigh — it's disqualified before the rest of the conversation starts.

       1     Tool, Not Autonomous Actor                                                                        INVARIANT


 “The engine is an analytical and decision-support system. It must never independently execute trades or
 otherwise take irreversible external action.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: Analysis ≠ authority. This is the one invariant that isn't about whether the analysis is good — it
 governs what the system is allowed to do with it regardless of how confident it becomes. A 99.7-confidence read still doesn't get
 to touch an exchange.


       2     No Future Information / Look-Ahead Bias5                                                          INVARIANT


 “Information unavailable at the exact decision timestamp must never influence that decision, whether directly or
 through a derived signal.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: This is the invariant backtesting infrastructure most commonly violates by accident — a moving
 average computed with a centered window, or an indicator quietly peeking one bar ahead, can make a system look prescient in
 testing and useless live. Given backtesting is the next major build, this is the invariant to protect most carefully. Minimum Viable
 Audit38 status: checked in the audit's first gate, before the full sweep — see Next Steps.


       3     Data Integrity8                                                                                   INVARIANT


 “The engine must actively distrust its inputs. Missing candles, duplicated candles, impossible prices, timestamp
 inconsistencies, NaN/Inf values, stale data, malformed API responses, and abnormal volume must be detected
 before they become analysis.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: Garbage data must never quietly become good-looking output. A confident number computed from
 broken input is worse than no number at all, because it doesn't announce itself as broken. Minimum Viable Audit status: checked
 in the audit's first gate — see Next Steps.


       4     Determinism6                                                                                      INVARIANT


 “Given identical inputs, configuration, and code version, the engine must produce the same result, unless
 nondeterminism is explicitly and deliberately intended.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: Without this, debugging becomes archaeology. If the same input can produce two different outputs on
 two different runs, there is no way to know whether a fix actually fixed anything. Audit guidance: the exception clause only
 counts if the intended nondeterminism was documented before the audit began — a module claiming this retroactively, once the
 audit is already underway, is Non-compliant regardless of the explanation offered.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                              Page 14
       5     Reproducibility7                                                                                INVARIANT


 “Every analysis must be reconstructable later — its data timestamp, data source and version, engine version,
 configuration, and parameters must all be recoverable.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: Six months from now, “why did the engine produce this decision” needs to be an answerable
 question, not an archaeological one. Recording this metadata describes the input, but doesn't by itself guarantee the input can
 be recovered if an exchange's API later revises or rolls off historical data — whether raw pulls need to be archived, and for how
 long, is a retention decision the audit should force explicitly rather than leave implicit.


       6     Traceability9                                                                                   INVARIANT


 “Every major output must have an explainable lineage: decision ← decision components ← normalized signals ←
 raw signals ← indicators ← validated market data ← raw source data.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: You should be able to walk backward through the chain from any panel output to the exact raw
 candles that produced it. If that walk breaks anywhere, the output can't be trusted, no matter how reasonable it looks. Minimum
 Viable Audit status: checked in the audit's first gate — see Next Steps.


       7     No Unsupported Predictive Claims                                                                INVARIANT


 “The engine must distinguish between describing current market conditions and predicting future price behavior.
 Any predictive component must be empirically16 tested before it is presented as predictive.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: This is the direct rule the BTC-Adjusted AERO Prediction feature currently sits in tension with — see
 the Next Steps section for how that gets resolved without ripping the feature out.


       8     Epistemic Honesty10                                                                             INVARIANT


 “The engine must distinguish, at all times, between what is directly observed, what is mathematically derived,
 what is interpreted, what is hypothesized, what has been empirically validated, and what remains unknown.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: This is the parent principle several others are specific cases of — Item 7 is epistemic honesty applied
 to predictions, Item 11 is epistemic honesty applied to evidence independence. A number that blurs “hypothesized” into
 “validated” is dishonest even if every digit in it was computed correctly.


       9     Every Measurement Has a Precise Definition                                                      INVARIANT


 “Terms such as trend strength, momentum, alignment, confidence, and risk each need an explicit mathematical or
 semantic11 definition.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: A number with two decimal places is not automatically meaningful. If nobody can state exactly what
 “confidence: 74.32” means, it doesn't matter how precise it looks. Audit scoping note: whether this term should also formally
 distinguish a measurement from a derived quantity, a heuristic score, a model output, and an interpretation is a decision for the
 audit itself, under Item 8 — see Next Steps.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                           Page 15
       10    Consistent Semantics11                                                                             INVARIANT


 “The same term, score, or scale must mean the same thing in every module that uses it.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: This is the rule the earlier confidence-score bug violated — one code path treated “confidence” as a
 real computed value, another silently passed through a differently-scaled number under the same name. Same word, two
 meanings, one bug.


       11    No Circular Reasoning12                                                                            INVARIANT


 “A signal must not be allowed to reinforce itself through multiple derived layers and then be presented as
 independent confirmation.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: Five layers all quietly descended from the same original signal can look like five independent pieces
 of evidence when they're really one piece of evidence talking to itself in five accents. This is the lens the Layer 5 audit item (Next
 Steps) needs to be examined through.


       12    No Hidden Decision-Affecting State13                                                               INVARIANT


 “Modules must not secretly remember things that influence a later decision, unless that state is an explicit,
 documented part of the design.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: Hidden state is what makes a bug feel impossible to reproduce — the same inputs produce a
 different answer because something invisible changed between runs. Audit guidance: the same rule as Item 4 applies here — a
 module's state only counts as “explicit, documented design” if that documentation existed before the audit began. Otherwise the
 claim is unfalsifiable and the finding is Non-compliant.


       13    Fail Safely14                                                                                      INVARIANT


 “When data is missing, invalid, stale, or contradictory, the engine must become less confident or halt output —
 never invent a confident-looking answer.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: A broken data feed must never quietly produce “BUY, confidence 94.” It should produce something
 closer to “ANALYSIS INVALID / INSUFFICIENT DATA.” Confidence earned from real evidence and confidence manufactured to
 fill a gap must never look the same on the panel.


       14    Risk Is Not Conviction15                                                                           INVARIANT


 “Directional conviction must never be treated as equivalent to risk. Being highly confident an asset is bullish does
 not automatically justify taking on high risk.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: Volatility, liquidity, drawdown potential, and market conditions can all make the risk/reward poor even
 when the directional read is strong. These are answers to two different questions, and the engine must never let one substitute
 for the other. Ergodicity41 is part of why this matters as much as it does: a strategy with positive expected value can still ruin you
 with near certainty, because you compound along one actual path rather than averaging across the many possible ones. That's
 a reason to take risk/reward geometry — where entry, stop, and targets sit relative to each other — exactly as seriously as the
 directional signal. It is not a reason for the engine to size positions or recommend how much to risk in money terms: that
 decision belongs to the trader alone, entirely outside what this engine does, per Item 1. See Phase7_Engineering_Notes.pdf,
 Entry #5, for the configurable-risk-tolerance feature idea — it shapes entry and target prices, never position size.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                               Page 16
       15    Empirical Evidence Supersedes Theoretical Expectation16                                               INVARIANT


 “When live, measured behavior and mathematical elegance disagree, measured behavior wins.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: A beautifully derived formula that doesn't hold up against real data doesn't get to stay in the engine
 out of respect for the math. This is also the invariant that makes it safe to eventually kill a feature that isn't working, without that
 decision being personal.


       16    Complexity Must Provide Demonstrated Value17                                                          INVARIANT


 “New indicators, models, calculations, or layers must exist because they solve a demonstrated problem or provide
 measurable value — not merely because they can be added.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: More code is not a better engine. Every layer added since the original build should be able to point to
 the specific problem it solved; if it can't, that's a finding for the audit, not a reason to feel bad about it.


       17    Backtesting Must Be Isolated From the Core Engine18                                                   INVARIANT


 “A failure in backtesting39 or other validation tooling must never be capable of silently corrupting, destabilizing, or
 redefining the live analytical engine. When it fails, it must be possible to isolate the failure, identify what broke, and
 return to the last known-good engine state without ambiguity.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: The goal is not an unbreakable backtester — that's an unrealistic bar, and claiming it would itself
 violate epistemic honesty (Item 8). The goal is a blast radius: backtesting is allowed to fail, but it is never allowed to take the live
 engine down with it. This item exists because of lived history, not caution for its own sake — backtesting is what broke a
 previous version of this engine, and this is the invariant written specifically so that doesn't happen the same way twice. Added
 after the rest of this document had already been drafted, appended here rather than reordered to avoid silently invalidating every
 other item's cross-references — see Tier 2's “explicit, evaluated changes” entry for why that matters.


       18    Read-Only Market Access19                                                                             INVARIANT


 “The engine must never hold, request, or have access to API credentials20 carrying trade-execution permissions.
 Read-only access is not a default setting — it is the only permitted state.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: Item 1 says the engine is a tool, not an autonomous actor. Until now that was enforced only by the
 code happening not to contain order-placement logic — one convenience import, or one future contributor, away from being
 false. A read-only key moves the guarantee out of the code and into the exchange, where the engine cannot overrule it: even a
 fully compromised engine holding a read-only key cannot place a trade, because the permission does not exist to be misused.
 That converts Item 1 from a behavioral promise into a structural property, which is the entire point. This is stated categorically
 rather than as a default on purpose. A default invites an exception, and an undocumented exception is precisely the defect the
 fourth review found in Items 4 and 12. If an execution capability is ever genuinely wanted, it is a different product with a different
 risk profile, and it should cost a constitutional amendment through Tier 3 change control — not a configuration flag.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                                  Page 17
       19    Withdrawal Permissions Are Never Enabled21                                                          INVARIANT


 “No credential the engine holds, touches, or is configured with may carry withdrawal, transfer, or fund-movement
 permissions. This holds in every version, under every circumstance, with no exception.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: Item 18 already excludes withdrawal rights, so on the surface this is redundant. It is stated separately
 because it is the floor that survives Item 18. If some future amendment ever relaxes read-only access to permit execution, this
 item does not relax with it — withdrawal rights still never exist. Separating them means a future change to one cannot quietly
 carry the other along with it. The asymmetry in consequences justifies the redundancy: a wrong trade loses money that was
 already at risk in the market, while a withdrawal permission in the wrong hands empties an account entirely, and no analytical
 benefit anywhere in this engine's purpose requires that permission to exist.


       20    Credentials Are Never Exposed22                                                                     INVARIANT


 “API keys, secrets, and any material that authenticates to an exchange must never be hardcoded, committed to
 version control, written to logs, included in error messages or stack traces, or surfaced in any panel, report, or
 decision-support output.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: This is the invariant that most often fails by accident rather than by decision. Nobody commits a key
 on purpose; it arrives through a debug print left in, an exception handler that dumps its configuration, a screenshot taken during
 a working session, or a config file that was in the repository before anyone thought about it. Because the failure mode is
 inattention rather than intent, the rule has to name the specific channels rather than say “keep credentials safe,” which is
 unauditable. Each channel named above is a thing the audit can actually check. Note the connection to Item 6 (Traceability): the
 engine is required to make its reasoning inspectable, and this item marks the one category of state that is deliberately exempt
 from that requirement — the audit trail records that a credential was used, never what it was.


       21    Operator Credentials Stay With the Operator23                                                       INVARIANT


 “If this engine is ever run by anyone other than its author, that operator's credentials remain entirely within their
 own environment. The engine must never transmit, upload, centralize, or otherwise convey any operator's
 credentials to the project, its author, or any third party — including indirectly, through telemetry24, crash reports,
 error reporting, usage analytics, or support workflows.”

 Why it's non-negotiable: The other three credential invariants protect the operator from their own tooling. This one protects a
 third party from this project, and the distinction matters: a leak here harms someone who trusted the engine rather than the
 person who built it, which makes it a categorically different failure and an irreversible one. It is written now, before any multi-user
 capability exists, deliberately. A security invariant that arrives after the feature it constrains is how credential leaks happen — the
 capability gets built, the rule gets written to describe what was built, and the convenient shortcut is already load-bearing by then.
 Written first, it constrains the design instead of ratifying it: no credential-upload path, no central key store, no support flow that
 asks an operator to share a key, and no diagnostic channel capable of carrying one out.




 Tier 2 — Architectural Principles
 How the system must be shaped so that Tier 1 is actually achievable, not just aspired to. These can be
 redesigned if a better structure achieves the same invariants — but the invariants themselves don't move.

      Principle                                 What it means




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                                Page 18
      Separation of responsibilities           Data acquisition doesn't make decisions. Indicators don't manage risk. The
                                               decision layer doesn't silently redefine raw signals it receives.

      Observation → interpretation →           EMA20 > EMA50 is an observation. “Short-term trend is bullish” is an
      decision → risk/action                   interpretation of it. These must stay distinguishable stages, never one function
                                               that quietly does all four.

      Explicit interfaces/contracts25          What a module accepts and returns should be a stated contract, not something
                                               the next module has to reverse-engineer by reading the source.

      Explicit configuration                   Important behavior (RSI period, EMA windows, confidence caps) comes from
                                               named, visible configuration — not mystery constants buried in the logic that
                                               touches them.

      Modular design                           Each module has one clear job. This is also why bugs in this project have
                                               generally been findable — the boundaries between pieces have stayed real.

      Controlled dependencies                  What depends on what should be an intentional, known map — not something
                                               only discovered when a change somewhere else breaks something unrelated.

      Explicit, evaluated changes to           Changes to interfaces, semantics, outputs, or behavior must be explicit, and
      interfaces or behavior                   their downstream effects evaluated before acceptance — the rule that would
                                               have caught a silent confidence_score → confidence rename before it broke
                                               fourteen modules downstream.




 Tier 3 — Engineering Process
 How changes actually get made without silently breaking Tier 1 or Tier 2. This tier is process, not architecture — it
 governs the act of changing the system, not its shape.

      Principle                                What it means

      Hypothesis-driven development27          Problem → hypothesis → implementation → test → measurement → evaluation
                                               → accept/reject. Never “make it smarter.”

      Controlled changes                       One meaningful change, or one tightly defined group of changes, at a time —
                                               with what's changing and why stated before the work starts. This is the practical
                                               defense against the Duhem-Quine problem40: a failed test never says on its own
                                               which piece failed — the indicator, the data, the sizing, an unstated assumption
                                               — so the change has to be narrow enough that there's only one real candidate.
                                               Decide which component is being tested before the result comes back, not after.

      Automated tests                          Every meaningful modification gets tested before it's accepted, not after.

      Regression tests26                       A new improvement must not silently destroy previously working behavior.
                                               Existing tests and fixed datasets exist specifically to catch this.

      Fixed evaluation datasets                A stable, known dataset changes get measured against, so “better” and “worse”
                                               mean something consistent from one change to the next.

      Version control                          Real history, not manually zipped backup folders — this is also Step 3 of Viktor's
                                               own career roadmap.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                                 Page 19
      Known-good checkpoints                   Preserve working versions before significant modifications. Every major iteration
                                               should be recoverable, not just the current one.

      Reproducible experiments                 Someone else — or future-you — should be able to rerun a validation test and
                                               get the same measured result.

      Rollback capability28                    If a change makes the system worse, revert it. Time already spent building
                                               something is not a reason to keep a change that made things worse.

      Documentation of significant             Why a change was made, not just what changed — the practical instrument that
      decisions                                makes Traceability (Tier 1, Item 6) actually real six months later. A dated
                                               Architectural Decision Record29 is one concrete way to do this.




 Tier 4 — Engineering Preferences
 Legitimate trade-offs, not invariants. Reasonable engineers could weigh these differently in a specific situation —
 that's what makes this tier different from the other three, and why it's the only one allowed to bend.

      Preference                               What it means

      Robustness over optimization31           A design that holds up across varied conditions beats one finely tuned to
                                               perform best in one narrow condition.

      Generalization over historical fit32     Especially relevant given the engine currently focuses on one asset — a result
                                               that only works for AEROUSDT's specific history is weaker than one that would
                                               hold on a different symbol too.

      Explainability over unnecessary          Avoid opaque logic merely because it produces attractive-looking results.
      opacity33

      Stability over flashy outputs            A dependable, boring number is worth more than an exciting, unreliable one.

      Useful information over more             Adding another score to the panel is not automatically an improvement.
      information

      When multiple designs already            This is a tie-breaker, not a requirement — Tier 1, Item 16 already requires
      satisfy every invariant equally well,    complexity to earn its place; this only decides between options that have already
      prefer the simpler one                   cleared that bar.



                                                39
 A Note on Backtesting
 This section exists because of context that changes how carefully the next major build needs to be handled: this is
 the third build of this engine, roughly forty test runs and validations went into reaching the current version, and
 backtesting specifically is what broke a previous one.

 Backtesting was never off the table — it remains a real, planned priority, and Tier 1, Item 7 and Item 15 both
 depend on it eventually existing. What changes is the sequencing: given its track record, backtesting should not
 be attempted again until the Tier 3 safety net around it is real rather than aspirational — actual version control,
 actual known-good checkpoints, an actual fixed evaluation dataset. Building the safety net first is not delay for its
 own sake; it's the difference between a second failure being a recoverable setback and a fourth rebuild.



Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                             Page 20
 The goal is not an unbreakable backtester. That bar is unrealistic, and this document isn't going to pretend
 otherwise. The goal, precisely, is Tier 1 Item 17: a failure in backtesting must never be capable of silently
 corrupting, destabilizing, or redefining the live analytical engine. When it fails — and it may — the failure must be
 isolable, its cause identifiable, and the engine recoverable to its last known-good state without ambiguity. That is a
 containment requirement, not a perfection requirement.

 When backtesting work does begin, it should be treated as a major architectural implementation in its own right,
 not another feature slotted into the existing build rhythm. Tier 3's hypothesis-driven and controlled-change
 principles apply to it more strictly than to anything else built so far — a precisely scoped definition of what's being
 tested and how correctness will be checked, built and verified incrementally, with each increment tested and
 checkpointed before the next one starts, rather than one large implementation attempted in a single pass. Tier 1,
 Item 2 (no look-ahead bias) deserves the most explicit, deliberate checking of any invariant in this document once
 that work starts, since a backtest with a hidden look-ahead leak is the single most common way a system
 convinces itself it works when it doesn't.



 Next Steps: The Audit Sequence
 This document isn't ratified3 yet. Once it is, here's what happens, in order — two items are already known well
 enough to flag now, and this revision adds three concrete process refinements the original draft left implicit.

 Already known — Prediction V1's epistemic status. The BTC-Adjusted AERO Prediction feature is
 correctness-validated (it computes what it was designed to compute) but not empirically validated (nothing has
 shown it actually predicts anything yet). Under Tier 1, Item 7, that status needs to be stated honestly rather than
 implied away — something like “Prediction V1: computationally validated, empirically unvalidated”37 wherever the
 feature is presented. This doesn't require removing the feature. It requires being honest about what it currently is.

 Already known — Layer 5, classification: Unknown. Entry quality's multipliers combine macro_bias,
 trend_direction, and structure_sequence into one score. Whether any of those three were already partly derived
 from each other upstream — which would make this a Tier 1, Item 11 (no circular reasoning) violation — has not
 actually been checked against the real code yet. Per this document's own rule that Unknown is a legitimate result,
 that's exactly what this is classified as until the audit inspects it directly.
                                                                    38
 New — the audit's starting gate (Minimum Viable Audit ). Rather than treating all 21 Tier 1 invariants as an
 equally-weighted checklist, Step 3 of the sequence below begins with a smaller, highest-leverage subset: Item 2
 (Look-Ahead Bias), Item 3 (Data Integrity), Item 6 (Traceability), and Item 18 (Read-Only Market Access). A
 failure in any of those four would undermine trust in every other finding — the first three because they determine
 whether the engine's outputs mean anything, and Item 18 because if the running process holds a credential with
 trade permissions, then Item 1 is aspirational no matter what the code currently does. This reorders Step 3
 internally — it does not change the sequence itself.

 New — who performs the audit. The audit sequence has always specified what gets checked and how findings
 get recorded, but never who does the checking. It does now, because the answer was the weakest part of the
 whole arrangement: the party that co-drafted these rules and helped build the engine cannot also be the party that
 declares it compliant. Steps 3, 4, and 8 belong to an independent auditor46 — a separate model, commissioned
 for the purpose, that wrote neither this document nor the code it is judging. Viktor has named the intended auditor:
 Grok, from xAI, once a version he judges capable of the task has released. That choice is stated here as the
 current plan, not as a fifth thing this document requires — the actual requirement is the one above, a model with



Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                 Page 21
 no stake in this engine and no shared authorship, and if Grok isn't ready or isn't equal to the task when the time
 comes, the requirement stands and the specific choice is free to change without touching a rule.

 The roles are separated deliberately, and the asymmetry is the point. Claude prepares the audit package and
 writes none of the findings. The independent auditor evaluates the engine against the complete 44-rule register
 and produces the findings. Claude then answers each finding adversarially, including — especially — every
 finding against its own work. Viktor adjudicates, and where the auditor and Claude disagree, that disagreement
 stays visible to him rather than being resolved inside either party's head. Neither side gets to declare itself correct:
 the builder cannot self-certify, and the auditor does not receive unilateral authority either.

 What independence here does and does not mean. The auditor is independent in authorship, not presumed
                             47
 independent in judgment . It has no stake in this engine looking good, which is the specific problem being solved.
 It is not an oracle: it shares training data and reasoning habits with the assistant it is checking, so it can repeat a
 mistake with complete confidence. A clean audit is therefore evidence, not proof — the same correction this
 document already had to make about four reviewers agreeing with each other. Any reading of the audit that treats
 auditor agreement as validation has re-introduced the exact fallacy Revision 3 removed.

 This isn't hypothetical. Reviewer 4 — credited earlier in “Improvements Made” as the sharpest and most
 adversarial of the four — turned out to be Claude, Opus 5, in a separate session with no memory of co-drafting
 this document. It had real authorship independence: it didn't write these rules or this engine, and it audited
 conduct the other three reviewers never thought to check. It did not have judgment independence in any strong
 sense — same base model family as the assistant whose conduct it was auditing, same as the one writing this
 sentence. That it still found a real defect is evidence the split is worth having. It is not evidence that a fresh Claude
 session is sufficient for Steps 3, 4, and 8. If the independent auditor commissioned for the actual audit turns out to
 be Claude as well, this paragraph is the reason that should be treated as a weaker result than a genuinely
 different model family, not a redundant precaution.

 Viktor's answer to that risk is above: Grok, a genuinely different model family from Claude, built by a different
 company on different training data. That satisfies the exact concern this paragraph raises, and it's worth saying so
 plainly rather than leaving the concern hanging after the decision that resolves it. What it doesn't satisfy on its own
 is the earlier requirement — a model with no stake in the outcome and no shared authorship. Different lineage is
 necessary for judgment independence; it was never sufficient by itself for the whole thing Steps 3, 4, and 8 need.

 What the audit package must contain. The auditor receives the artifact and the evidence, not the Constitution
 plus a description of what the engine supposedly does — that is what makes Revision 3's “demand the artifact,
 not the argument” safeguard operational rather than aspirational. The package includes the actual source of all
 sixteen modules, real inputs and outputs, and enough failure history to make known classes of failure visible: that
 a semantics mismatch once broke fourteen modules at once, that backtesting took down a previous build, that this
 is the third build. What it must not contain is the conclusions the auditor is supposed to reach independently.
 Telling it where to look is legitimate; telling it what it will find is contamination, and produces an auditor that
 confirms hints rather than one that tests them.

 This creates one tension worth naming, because the document itself causes it. The two “Already known” items
 above — Prediction V1's epistemic status, and Layer 5 classified as Unknown for possible circular reasoning —
 are conclusions of exactly the kind the paragraph above warns against, and the auditor cannot avoid seeing them,
 since it has to read this section to audit against it. The resolution is to hand them over as open questions it is
 required to test independently rather than as findings to confirm, and to ask it explicitly what other unknowns exist
 that nobody here has flagged. If the audit comes back having confirmed exactly these two and found nothing else,



Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                   Page 22
 that result should be read as a warning about the audit, not as a clean bill of health for the engine.

 New — how a finding gets recorded. Each audit finding, once made, should record the following fields, so
 findings are comparable to each other rather than free-text notes of varying detail:

      Field                         What goes here

      Principle                     Which Tier and item number the finding is checking against.

      Status                        Compliant / Non-compliant / Unknown34 — never a guess dressed up as one of the first
                                    two.

      Severity35                    Critical — violates a Tier 1 invariant in a way that could reach a live decision or a customer.
                                    Major — violates a Tier 1 invariant but is contained or not yet reachable. Moderate — a
                                    Tier 2 or 3 gap that weakens the system without directly breaking an invariant. Minor —
                                    cosmetic, cleanup, or a Tier 4 preference. Kept independent of Status: an Unknown finding
                                    can still be rated Critical.

      Evidence                      The specific code, output, or test result the finding is based on — something Viktor (or a
                                    future second reviewer) can check directly without having to re-run or trust Claude's
                                    reasoning. A log line, a diff, a test result, a screenshot of the panel — not a paragraph of
                                    argument standing in for one.

      Impact                        What actually goes wrong if this finding is left unaddressed.

      Required action               What needs to change, in concrete terms — or “none” if the finding is Compliant.

      Effort                        Small / Medium / Large — a rough sizing of the work the required action takes,
                                    independent of Severity. Used together with Severity to prioritize in Step 5 below.

      Verification                  How it will be confirmed the required action actually worked.

      Re-audit                      Whether and when this item gets checked again after the fix.

                                                                                           36
 New — two working rules for the audit. First: “confidence is not probability ” unless it has been specifically,
 empirically calibrated as one — a lens for catching outputs that look statistically precise without having earned
 that precision. Second: Item 9's distinction between a raw measurement, a derived quantity, a heuristic score, a
 model output, and an interpretation gets resolved during the audit itself, under Item 8 (Epistemic Honesty) — a
 scope decision to make once real code is in front of it, not a document change to make now.

 New — audit independence safeguards. Claude holds the technical and architectural judgment calls, wrote
 much of the engine, co-drafted these rules, and is also the party positioned to audit the engine against them.
 That's a real conflict this document didn't previously name, and naming it doesn't resolve it by itself — these three
 safeguards are the mitigation. First, every finding's Evidence field must be independently verifiable without
 re-running Claude's reasoning (see the Evidence row above). Second, the Minimum Viable Audit gate items
 (Items 2, 3, 6) get checked a second time by a reviewer who did not write the code under review — Viktor himself,
 another AI given the same code and no prior context, or a future collaborator — before being marked Compliant.
 Third, where Claude marks something Compliant, Viktor is entitled to demand the underlying artifact — the actual
 log, diff, or test output — not the written argument for why it's compliant.

 New — what “the audit has run” means. The scope freeze4 lifts on this specific, checkable condition: every Tier
 1 invariant has a recorded finding — Compliant, Non-compliant, or Unknown — using the schema above,
 regardless of whether the fixes for any Non-compliant findings have actually landed yet. That's the point at which



Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                                  Page 23
 the engine has told this document something it doesn't yet cover; fixing what the audit finds is Steps 6 through 8
 below, and doesn't have to finish first.

 New — what ratification means. Step 1 below gates everything after it, but had no stated act that actually
 performs it. It now does: ratification3 happens the moment Viktor writes “ratified” and a dated row is added to
 Version History. Nothing heavier is required.

 The full sequence, with the party responsible for each step named explicitly: 1) Principles v1.0 — Viktor reviews
 and ratifies this document, with any edits (see “What ratification means” above). 2) Version/freeze — it's
 version-controlled from that point forward; any future revision is a new, dated version, not a silent edit, and the
 principles themselves stop expanding while the audit runs. 2a) Audit package — Claude assembles the code,
 evidence, and failure history described above, and writes no findings. 3) Audit the current engine — the
 independent auditor works through the Minimum Viable Audit gate above, then module by module against all four
 tiers. 4) Record a real finding for each item checked — independent auditor, using the structure above. 4a)
 Adversarial response — Claude answers every finding, including each one against its own work; unresolved
 disagreements go to Viktor to adjudicate. 5) Prioritize findings by severity and effort. 6) Fix deliberately, one
 controlled change at a time, per Tier 3. 7) Regression test each fix. 8) Re-audit the items that changed —
 independent auditor again, not a self-check by whoever made the fix. 9) Only then — with the safety net actually
 in place, and the freeze lifted per “what the audit has run means” above — build the backtesting architecture,
 carefully.



 Future Amendment Candidates (Not Yet Adopted)
 Copilot drafted six complete candidate principles for a future v1.1, on its own initiative. None of these are part of
                               4
 this document's frozen scope — nothing below has been adopted, and nothing below requires action now.
 They're recorded here, per Tier 3's own documentation-of-decisions principle, so they aren't lost before the audit
 has run far enough to make revisiting them worthwhile.

      Candidate                               Proposed tier         Gist

      Explicit Observability & Logging        Tier 2                Every module's decision-relevant state should be
                                                                    inspectable at runtime, not just reconstructable after the
                                                                    fact.

      Architectural Decision Records          Tier 3                Significant design decisions get a short, dated written
      (ADR)29                                                       record of what was decided and why — a concrete
                                                                    mechanism for Tier 3's existing documentation principle.

      Predictive Component Validation         Tier 3                A defined, repeatable procedure for moving any feature
      Protocol                                                      from “computationally validated” to “empirically validated”
                                                                    status — the missing operational half of Tier 1, Item 7.

      Failure Classification & Reporting      Tier 3                A standard way of categorizing and recording failures when
                                                                    they happen, closely related to the audit-finding schema
                                                                    now in the Next Steps section.

      Backtesting Environment                 Tier 2                A concrete technical contract — not just a stated goal — for
      Isolation Contract25                                          how backtesting stays sandboxed from the live engine. The
                                                                    implementation-level companion to Tier 1, Item 17.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                                 Page 24
      Candidate                               Proposed tier         Gist

      Predictability Over Raw                 Tier 4 (optional)     A stability-flavored preference for the engine behaving
      Performance                                                   predictably over squeezing out marginal performance —
                                                                    offered as optional since it may already be covered by
                                                                    existing Tier 4 preferences.

      A Written Kill Condition42              Tier 3                A condition, stated before a backtest runs, under which a
                                                                    specific edge or the engine itself gets abandoned — the
                                                                    falsifiability half of Tier 1, Item 7 that nothing currently
                                                                    requires in writing.

      Confidence Calibration Log43            Tier 2                Every confidence value the engine emits, logged against
                                                                    what actually happened, plotted as a reliability curve — the
                                                                    concrete mechanism that would make “confidence is not
                                                                    probability” a checked fact instead of a definition.

      Edge-Persistence Hypothesis             Tier 1                Every claimed edge documents who is reliably on the other
      Requirement                             (companion to         side of the trade and why they keep taking it — an edge
                                              Item 7)               with no survival story is usually a fit to noise that hasn't been
                                                                    embarrassed yet.

      UI-Level Enforcement of Item 1          Tier 2                The panel shows what was observed, what was inferred,
                                                                    what remains unknown, and what would change the read —
                                                                    not a verdict and a number. Item 1 can be satisfied in code
                                                                    and violated in the interface; this closes that gap.

      Two-Analyst Lens-vs-Property            Tier 3 (audit         For any Item 9 quantity: would two competent analysts with
      Test                                    methodology)          different reasonable parameter choices get materially
                                                                    different answers? If yes, it's a lens, and the panel shouldn't
                                                                    render it with the same visual weight as a price. Feeds
                                                                    directly into the term registry work already logged in
                                                                    Engineering Notes, Entry #6.

 Two of these — Backtesting Environment Isolation Contract and Failure Classification & Reporting — are implementation-level
 companions to things already in this document (Item 17 and the audit-finding schema, respectively) rather than new territory.
 That overlap is itself a small piece of independent validation that those two existing items are pointing at something real. The
 final five candidates — Kill Condition through the Lens-vs-Property Test — came from a philosophical input Viktor brought in
 Revision 4, not from Copilot; see Phase7_Tier0_Companion.pdf for the reasoning behind each.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                                  Page 25
 Version History
      Version          Date                   Status                  Notes

      v1.0             August 25, 2026        Draft — superseded by   Initial synthesis from the principles discussion
                                              Rev. 1 below            between Viktor and Claude. Scope frozen at 17 Tier
                                                                      1 invariants, 7 Tier 2 principles, 10 Tier 3 process
                                                                      items, and 6 Tier 4 preferences.

      v1.0, Rev. 1     August 25, 2026        Draft — superseded by   Revised after independent review by Copilot,
                                              Rev. 2 below            Gemini, and ChatGPT: Tier 0 wording fixed, audit
                                                                      sequence given a starting gate and a finding
                                                                      schema, two audit scoping notes added, an
                                                                      amendment-process note added, six future
                                                                      candidates logged in a new appendix, and an
                                                                      explanatory glossary added throughout. Scope
                                                                      unchanged — still 17 / 7 / 10 / 6.

      v1.0, Rev. 2     August 25, 2026        Draft — superseded by   Added “The Scope Freeze” — a dedicated
                                              Rev. 3 below            explanation, in How This Document Works, of what
                                                                      the frozen-scope rule actually means, why it exists
                                                                      (tied to epistemic honesty, Item 8), what it does and
                                                                      doesn't cover, and when it lifts. Explanatory addition
                                                                      only, requested directly by Viktor — scope
                                                                      unchanged, still 17 / 7 / 10 / 6.

      v1.0, Rev. 3     August 26, 2026        Draft — superseded by   Revised after a fourth, independent review. Fixed a
                                              Rev. 4 below            self-referential evidence claim on the Improvements
                                                                      page (reviewer agreement was presented as
                                                                      validation; corrected to state it as a plausibility
                                                                      check). Item 5 changed from “should” to “must,” the
                                                                      only Tier 1 item not phrased as an invariant. Items 4
                                                                      and 12's escape hatches given audit-time guidance
                                                                      (exceptions only count if documented before the
                                                                      audit began). Defined the freeze-lifting trigger, the
                                                                      act of ratification, severity-level rubrics, and added
                                                                      an Effort field to the finding schema. Added three
                                                                      audit-independence safeguards addressing the fact
                                                                      that Claude co-drafted these rules and also audits
                                                                      against them. Scope unchanged, still 17 / 7 / 10 / 6.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                         Page 26
      Version          Date                   Status                  Notes

      v1.0, Rev. 4     August 26, 2026        Draft — superseded by   Revised after a philosophical input on epistemics
                                              Rev. 5 below            and market structure. Sharpened the rationale text
                                                                      under Tier 3's Controlled Changes (the
                                                                      Duhem-Quine problem) and Tier 1, Item 14
                                                                      (ergodicity, cross-referenced to the risk-tolerance
                                                                      feature idea in Engineering Notes, Entry #5). Added
                                                                      five new Future Amendment Candidates: a written
                                                                      kill condition, a confidence calibration log, an
                                                                      edge-persistence hypothesis requirement, UI-level
                                                                      enforcement of Item 1, and a two-analyst
                                                                      lens-vs-property audit test. A new companion
                                                                      document, Phase7_Tier0_Companion.pdf, holds the
                                                                      philosophical material that sits above the engine
                                                                      rather than inside it. Scope unchanged, still 17 / 7 /
                                                                      10 / 6. Not yet ratified.

      v1.0, Rev. 5     August 26, 2026        Draft — superseded by   Corrects a scope drift Viktor caught in Revision 4's
                                              Rev. 6 below            Item 14 rationale, which had drifted toward implying
                                                                      the engine should size positions or recommend
                                                                      money amounts. Item 14's rationale, and the
                                                                      Revision 4 summary describing it, are both
                                                                      corrected: ergodicity is the reason entry/stop/target
                                                                      price geometry deserves as much care as the
                                                                      directional read, not a reason for the engine to touch
                                                                      position sizing — that stays the trader's decision
                                                                      alone, per Item 1, regardless of the risk-tolerance
                                                                      percentage the trader configures. No wording
                                                                      elsewhere required correction. Scope unchanged,
                                                                      still 17 / 7 / 10 / 6. Not yet ratified.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                         Page 27
      Version          Date                   Status                  Notes

      v1.0, Rev. 6     August 26, 2026        Draft — superseded by   SCOPE CHANGED — the first revision since v1.0 to
                                              Rev. 7 below            do so. Added four Tier 1 credential-security
                                                                      invariants at Viktor's direction: Item 18 (Read-Only
                                                                      Market Access, stated categorically rather than as a
                                                                      default), Item 19 (Withdrawal Permissions Never
                                                                      Enabled, kept separate as a floor surviving any
                                                                      future amendment to Item 18), Item 20 (Credentials
                                                                      Never Exposed), and Item 21 (Operator Credentials
                                                                      Stay With the Operator). Item 18 converts Item 1
                                                                      from a behavioral promise into a structural property
                                                                      by moving the guarantee into the exchange's
                                                                      permission model, and joins Items 2, 3, and 6 in the
                                                                      Minimum Viable Audit gate. Also named an
                                                                      independent auditor as the party responsible for
                                                                      Steps 3, 4, and 8, added Step 2a (Claude prepares
                                                                      the package, writes no findings) and Step 4a
                                                                      (Claude answers every finding adversarially, Viktor
                                                                      adjudicates), distinguished authorship
                                                                      independence from judgment independence, and
                                                                      specified that the audit package carries failure
                                                                      classes rather than conclusions. Operational
                                                                      credential detail moved to a new companion,
                                                                      Phase7_Credential_Security_Protocol.pdf. This
                                                                      scope change is legitimate only because the freeze
                                                                      begins at ratification, which has not occurred; after
                                                                      ratification a change of this size requires the audit to
                                                                      run and find a gap first. Scope now 21 / 7 / 10 / 6 —
                                                                      a 44-rule register. Closes Engineering Notes Entries
                                                                      #1 and #6. Not yet ratified.

      v1.0, Rev. 7     August 26, 2026        Draft — superseded by   No rule changed. Viktor confirmed Reviewer 4's
                                              Rev. 8 below            identity — Claude, Opus 5, in a separate chat
                                                                      session with no memory of co-drafting this
                                                                      document — and Revision 6's account of Reviewer
                                                                      4 in “Improvements Made” is updated to credit it by
                                                                      name. The independent-auditor discussion in Next
                                                                      Steps is sharpened with the direct consequence:
                                                                      Reviewer 4 is the documented case of real
                                                                      authorship independence without strong judgment
                                                                      independence, and if the Step 3/4/8 auditor also
                                                                      turns out to be Claude, that result should be
                                                                      weighted as weaker than a genuinely different
                                                                      model family would produce. Register unchanged,
                                                                      still 21 / 7 / 10 / 6. Not yet ratified.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                           Page 28
      Version          Date                   Status                     Notes

      v1.0, Rev. 8     August 26, 2026        Draft — pending review     No rule changed. Viktor decided the independent
                                              and ratification           auditor for Steps 3, 4, and 8 will be Grok, from xAI,
                                                                         once a version he judges capable has released —
                                                                         recorded in Next Steps as the current operational
                                                                         plan, not folded into the frozen requirement, which
                                                                         stays general (no stake, no shared authorship) so a
                                                                         future substitution needs no amendment. Grok
                                                                         answers Revision 7's warning on the lineage half —
                                                                         genuinely different company and training data from
                                                                         Claude — but the no-stake requirement still has to
                                                                         hold regardless of which model is chosen. Step 3
                                                                         cannot begin until Grok releases; Step 2a, Claude
                                                                         assembling the audit package, is not blocked by that
                                                                         and can proceed now. Register unchanged, still 21 /
                                                                         7 / 10 / 6. Not yet ratified.

      RATIFIED         August 26, 2026        Ratified — v1.0 now in     No rule changed. Viktor reviewed Revision 8 — the
                                              effect                     document itself, plus a curated 12-page reading
                                                                         excerpt and a plain-language Swedish companion
                                                                         covering the three judgment calls made on his
                                                                         behalf (Items 18, 19, 21) — and wrote: “I have read
                                                                         the document and i APPROVE!” Per “What
                                                                         ratification means” in Next Steps, that statement is
                                                                         recorded here as the ratifying act, since no heavier
                                                                         process than a dated Version History row is
                                                                         required. The scope freeze is now in force for the
                                                                         reason it was always going to take effect: no
                                                                         invariant, principle, process item, or preference
                                                                         changes again until the audit runs and finds a gap.
                                                                         Register frozen at 21 / 7 / 10 / 6. Step 1 of the audit
                                                                         sequence is complete; Step 2a (Claude assembling
                                                                         the audit package) may proceed now. Step 3
                                                                         remains blocked on Grok's release, per the Rev. 8
                                                                         row above.

      LICENSED         August 26, 2026        Ratified — v1.0, licence   No rule changed, and no rule text touched. Viktor
                                              added for publication      decided to publish this document publicly, and a
                                                                         licence line was added to the title page so the terms
                                                                         travel with the file rather than living only in the
                                                                         repository that hosts it — a PDF is separated from
                                                                         its README the first time someone forwards it.
                                                                         Terms: CC BY 4.0, which permits reuse and
                                                                         adaptation including commercially, with attribution
                                                                         as the only condition. The engine's source code is
                                                                         licensed separately under MIT; Creative Commons
                                                                         licences are not intended for software and the split
                                                                         is deliberate. Recorded as its own dated row rather
                                                                         than folded into the RATIFIED row above, because
                                                                         that row describes an act that is finished and this
                                                                         document does not edit its own history. Register
                                                                         unchanged and still frozen at 21 / 7 / 10 / 6.




Phase-7 Engineering Constitution — RATIFIED v1.0 (Rev. 8 content)                                                              Page 29
